dev, 3.0: Refine document of GC (#1345)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/garbage-collection/configuration.md

| tikv_gc_enable           | true                                                                                               |
| tikv_gc_run_interval     | 10m0s                                                                                              |
| tikv_gc_life_time        | 10m0s                                                                                              |
| tikv_gc_last_run_time    | 20190715-12:09:14 +0000                                                                            |
| tikv_gc_safe_point       | 20190715-11:59:14 +0000                                                                            |
| tikv_gc_auto_concurrency | true                                                                                               |
| tikv_gc_mode             | distributed                                                                                        |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
13 rows in set (0.00 sec)
```

> For example, the following statement makes GC keeps history data in the recent one day:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following statement makes GC keep history data for the most recent 24 hours:
```
